How do players describe the gameplay experience of Factorio?
Do players recommend Batman Arkham Knight for new players?
Is Grounded well-received on Steam?
What is the ratio of positive to negative reviews for Mortal Kombat11 on Steam?
How many total Steam reviews does Dont Starve Together have?
Is MechWarrior 5 Mercenaries well-received on Steam?
What percentage of Steam reviews for Baldurs Gate 3 are positive?
How many total Steam reviews does Wizard with a Gun have?
Is MX Bikes well-received on Steam?
How many total Steam reviews does Call of Duty Warzone have?
What aspects of Five Nights at Freddys Security Breach do reviewers find most enjoyable?
What aspects of Nova Lands do reviewers find most enjoyable?
Do players recommend Ranch Simulator Build Farm Hunt for new players?
What do players commonly praise about Devil May Cry 5 in Steam reviews?
What is the ratio of positive to negative reviews for State of Decay 2 Juggernaut Edition on Steam?
Is Dwarf Fortress well-received on Steam?
What percentage of Steam reviews for DREDGE are positive?
Do players recommend FIVE NIGHTS AT FREDDYS HELP WANTED for new players?
What is the ratio of positive to negative reviews for Lost Ark on Steam?
Who developed Dota 2?
Who developed Team Fortress 2?
On what platform was Stardew Valley originally released?
What percentage of Steam reviews for Total War SHOGUN 2 are positive?
What is the ratio of positive to negative reviews for Age of Empires II Definitive Edition on Steam?
Which game in this dataset has the highest percentage of positive reviews?
How do players describe the gameplay experience of Diplomacy is Not an Option?
What are the most common complaints players have about Dead Cells?
What do players commonly praise about DOOM in Steam reviews?
What aspects of Ratchet Clank Rift Apart do reviewers find most enjoyable?
What percentage of Steam reviews for Quasimorph are positive?
How many total Steam reviews does Stormworks Build and Rescue have?
What are the most common complaints players have about Dying Light 2 Stay Human?
How many total Steam reviews does The Isle have?
What do players commonly praise about Marvel s Spider Man Remastered in Steam reviews?
What genre is Counter-Strike 2?
What genre is The Witcher 3 Wild Hunt?
How many positive reviews does Kenshi have on Steam?
Do players recommend Against the Storm for new players?
Is The Elder Scrolls V Skyrim Special Edition a multiplayer or single-player game?
How many positive reviews does VTOL VR have on Steam?
What aspects of Warhammer Vermintide 2 do reviewers find most enjoyable?